HTML structure readme section (#46)
Knotx/knotx-fragments-chrome-extension: README.md

  - select the Knot.x panel

## How does it work?

### Debug fragment data

Knot.x Fragments, when run in debug mode, injects information about fragments into the output.
This information can then be read, parsed and displayed by various tools. Knot.x Fragments Chrome Extension is an official tool dedicated to this very purpose.

Of course fragments' outputs can come in a myriad of formats. Right now Knot.x supports injecting debug information into HTML only. 
Therefore, this tool only works for fragment-generated HTML pages. 
JSON support is planned for the near future. 

### HTML structure

When an HTML document is generated by the Fragments Engine in a debug mode, there are special comments and tags injected in order to mark what data came from which fragment.

For example, a page like this:

```html
<body>
  <header>
    Weather Service
  </header>
  
  <knotx:snippet data-knotx-task="weather-task">
    <span>
      {{fetch-weather-info._result.temperatue}} in {{fetch-weather-info._result.location}}
    </span>
  </knotx:snippet>
</body>
```

> Could result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could result in:
```

```html
<body>
  <header>
    Weather Service
  </header>
  
  <!-- data-knotx-id="auto-generated-id" -->
  <script data-knotx-debug="log" data-knotx-id="auto-generated-id" type="application/json">{ debug-data-here }</script>

> 

Reviewer: Do we need this empty line here?

Author: I thought it's more readable, but I can change it if you insist

  <span>

>     -2°C in Reykjavík

Reviewer: > Reykjavík

nice place ;)

  </span>

> 

Reviewer: Do we need this empty line here?

Author: Same logic as with the previous empty line

  <!-- data-knotx-id="auto-generated-id" -->
</body>
```

> Note that the browser displays the page as usual, the injected information have no effect on the presentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the browser displays the page as usual, the injected information does not affect the presentation.
```

There are two parts of the debug information:
- The data that was part of the Knot.x snippet is surrounded by special comments with auto-generated IDs. This is mainly used by the tool to provide highligthing functionality.

> - The snippet content is preceded by a script tag with a JSON inside. This is where all the important data is stored. It primarily contains information about the processing of the fragment nodes: which nodes were triggered, what transition they activated, how much time they took to process etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The script tag with a JSON inside precedes the fragment content.  All important data is stored here. It mainly contains information about the processing of the fragment nodes: which nodes were triggered, what transition they activated, how much time they took etc.
```

It then:
- finds all top-level nodes in between (comments' siblings),
- reads debug data from the first one (which is always a script tag with debug data),
- and transforms the data into the above form

#### Graph parser

The `graph/declarationHelper.js` parses a given fragment's debug JSON into a form understandable by (Vis.js Network)[https://visjs.github.io/vis-network/docs/network/], a library for displaying graphs.
It provides `constructGraph` method that takes fragment's JSON as input and returns Vis.js-compatible datasets:

```json5
{
  "nodes": [
    {
      "id": "node-id",
      "label": "A node",
      "group": "success",
      "level": 0
    },
    // ...
  ],
  "edges": [
    {
      "from": "node-id",
      "to": "another-node-id",
      "label": "_success",
      "dashes": false,
      "font": {
        "color": "00CC00"
      },
      "color": "#000000"
    },
    // ...
  ]
}
```

It is then ready to be displayed in the form of a graph (specifically a tree unless there are composite nodes in the fragment).

Internaly the parser consists of two phases:

> - flattening - The fragment's graph is normally a tree. However, composite nodes reference subtasks which are another tree each. This phase creates a new graph structure where all the nodes are part of this graph (there are no sub-graphs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- flattening - The fragment's graph is normally a tree (an undirected graph in which any two vertices are connected by exactly one path). However, composite nodes reference subtasks which are another tree each. This phase creates a new graph structure where all the nodes are part of this graph (there are no sub-graphs).
```

- datasets creation - In this phase the flattened graph is traversed depth first and the above datasets are constructed

Flattening of the graph transforms a structure like this:

```json5
{
  "id": "composite-node",
  // ...
  "on": {
    "_success": {
      "id": "next-node"
      // ...
    }
  },
  "subtasks": [
    {
      "id": "subtask-1",
      // ...
    },
    {
      "id": "subtask-2",
      // ...
    }
  ]
}
```

Into a graph like this:

```json5
{
  "id": "composite-node_virtual",
  // ...
  "on": {
    "_subtask_0": {
      "id": "subtask-1",
      // ...
      "on": {
        "_subtask_end": {
          "id": "composite-node_virtual_end",
          // ...
          "on": {
            "_success": { // original transition
              "id": "next-node",
              // ...
            }
          }
        }
      }
    },
    "_subtask_1": {
      "id": "subtask-2",
      // ...
      "on": {
        "_subtask_end": "composite-node_virtual_end" // note this is only an ID (!)
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Important thing to note is that, while all subtasks end with a transition to the `composite-node_virtual_end` node, only one of them (the deepest) contains an actual object in the transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important thing to note is that, while all subtasks end with a transition to the `composite-node_virtual_end` node, only one of them (the deepest) contains an actual object in the transition.
```

All other subtasks end with a transition into a string. It's termed `a reference` in the code and it's an ID of the actual node.

> It is like that in order to avoid duplication, especially during the second phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is like that to avoid duplication, especially during the second phase.
```

> It is like that in order to avoid duplication, especially during the second phase.

Reviewer: Can we please add some short example here?

#### Timeline parser

> The `timeline/declarationHelper.js` parses a given fragment's debug JSON into a form understandable by (Vis.js Timeline)[https://visjs.github.io/vis-timeline/docs/timeline/], a library for displaying Gantt charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `timeline/declarationHelper.js` parses a given fragment's debug JSON (from the fragment's script tag) into a form understandable by (Vis.js Timeline)[https://visjs.github.io/vis-timeline/docs/timeline/], a library for displaying Gantt charts.
```
